DOCS-#3863: Add usage guide to documentation (#3864)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/config.rst

:orphan:

> Modin configuration settings

Author: This file should be updated to provide more examples. Let's do it in a separate PR.

Reviewer: For now, can we move the [content from the bottom of the page in "Usage Guide"](https://modin--3864.org.readthedocs.build/en/3864/flow/modin/config.html#usage-guide) to the top of the page before "Public API"?

Author: I think that should go to a separate PR.

Reviewer: I agree we don't need to modify the content of the section in this PR. I think we should make just a simple change in moving content from the bottom of the page to up, this will help a lot for readability for this page.

> Modin configuration settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modin Configuration Settings
```

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Using this module, the user can tune Modin's behavior. To see
> all avaliable configs just run `python -m modin.config`, this command will print all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust Modin's default behavior, you can set the value of Modin 
configs by setting an environment variable or by using the 
``modin.config`` API. To list all avaliable configs in Modin, please 
run ``python -m modin.config`` to print all
```

> all avaliable configs just run `python -m modin.config`, this command will print all

Reviewer: Note typo in Usage guide: `See example of interation with` --> `See example of interaction with`

Author: Fixed.
